hey welcome to sweet seats can I help
you find anything I'll just look around
a little bit Thanks all right you just
let me know if you need anything whoa
it's chairs really comfortable
Jerez even more comfortable this is the
most comfortable oh my god
how is this even possible it's not that
chairs that are comfortable it's it's my
ass I have the most comfortable ass in
the world
I can sit wherever I want whoever
[Laughter]
[Music]
you have ass cancer skated sir it's uh
it's when you have cancer in your ass oh
my god how could this happen
think have you sat on anything
radioactive lately oh so um how much
longer do hi welcome to sweet seats did
you I know uh cliff Miller who that guy
what with a comfortable ass and whatnot
Oh oh yeah him no no I I didn't know him
I mean he came into my store for like 30
seconds yeah well I he wanted you to
have this really that's okay I guess
yeah have a good day sir
[Music]